October, 2012

== Revision Range ==

For this list, revisions [http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=45683 r45683] through http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=52540 r52540] have been considered. Earlier BRL-CAD revisions had already been merged; any later revisions have yet to be examined.

Ignore the number in italics - it is a git revision id from an svn import operation. It is present here to ease patch creation, and does not refer to the GitHub repo.

== Compiler warnings, Coverity ==

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=48327 r48327] ''3ac1cb4'' strcpy() is unsafe to use given the 'n' argument is a parameter to the function.  use strncpy() instead so we can always null-terminate the result.  issue detected in brl-cad coverity scan (cov cid 1925)

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=48833 r48833] ''5b62b1a'' initialize all of the class fields.  fixes report from coverity UNINIT_CTOR check. (cid 2014)

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=48834 r48834] ''a33a60f'' initialize all of the class fields.  fixes report from coverity UNINIT_CTOR check. (cid 2034)

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=49068 r49068] ''b2dd1f0'' Can't take it any longer.  Doggy bag all the gcc vomit about SCL's qualified type errors.  Reduces the build log by about 16MB, 78k warning lines, approx 765 unique instances. Quell them all with a teeny little one-liner bit of scripting based on the build log output: for match in `grep  qualifiers build.log | sort | uniq | cut -d: -f1,2` ; do export file="`echo $match | cut -d: -f1`" ; export line="`echo $match | cut -d: -f2`" ; export pline="`expr $line - 1`" ; if test "x`sed -n ${pline}p $file |grep const`" = "x" ; then sed -n ${line}p $file ; sed "${line}s/\([[:space:]]*\)const \(.*\)/\1\2/" < $file > $file.sed ; mv $file.sed $file ; else sed -n ${pline}p $file ; sed "${pline}s/\([[:space:]]*\)const \(.*\)/\1\2/" < $file > $file.sed ; mv $file.sed $file ; fi ; done As to the issue at hand, there is no such thing as returning a "const int".  It's just a value (same goes for all the non-pointer return types).  Old SGI compiler was one of the first to be pedantic about that mistake, but gcc wised up a few years ago and warns about it now too.

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=49069 r49069] ''51b1f9a'' more warning quellage.  shouldn't pass string constants to char* parameters as they should be considered immutable/const.  make SelectTypeDescriptor() constructor take a const char* instead, fortunately TypeDescriptor's constructor is correct.

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=49566 r49566] ''0a4cb29'' address some constant string warnings

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=49667 r49667] ''021cd6f'' suppress unused variable warnings

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=49683 r49683] ''d9db160'' Generated step sources raising return-type qualifier warnings from improper use of const. Implement intended behavior by returning const versions of typedef'ed reference types. Related to r49068.

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=49687 r49687] ''0583fe1'' Address warnings about non-explicit base class initialization by adding intialization list to generated copy constructors.

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=49973 r49973] ''c338e11'' Ah, I see now. g++ warning was from conversion when calling default constructor EntNode(char *nm = (const char[])""). Git 8e256d7 suppressed warning by calling with (char*)"". Real solution is to make the parameter const.

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=50222 r50222] ''7f5707c'' initialize all of the class members.  cid 2014 UNINIT_CTOR.

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=52252 r52252] ''b1a2e88'' quell warning on unused var since it won't necessarily get used given its use is in conditional code

== Whitespace, preprocessor, cleanup ==

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=45683 r45683] ''76d5fff'' leaking something nasty

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=46648 r46648] ''010efda'' ws consistency removing trailing ws and much more (see sh/ws.sh)

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=47187 r47187] ''3099bef'' #include ridiculousness.  full path to sys/stat.h (and dirent) is not portable.

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=47239 r47239] ''44b21f3'' added missing header guard

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=49204 r49204] ''90bb05f'' Clean up some ws in src/other

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=49477 r49477] ''736b104'' remove some dead code

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=49571 r49571] ''2299c2e'' remove references to non-existent function

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=49665 r49665] ''f86a139'' remove unused variables

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=50478 r50478] ''ffa8a4e'' remove some commented code

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=50561 r50561] ''17a7e8c'' consolidate definitions of STRING_DELIM

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=50801 r50801] ''0469371'' don't believe I have any account names as morrison with stepcode affiliation

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51527 r51527] ''f2bedf3'' ws

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=52250 r52250] ''f565ff2'' save a few bytes, eliminate generated trailing ws

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=52265 r52265] ''cd7caba'' add missing header guard

== Parser ==

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=47006 r47006] ''ba7f5d7'' added initial bison to lemon syntax conversion of expparse.y

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=47028 r47028] ''6fe4e9d'' indent/ws

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=47038 r47038] ''c24fc7a'' making choice for ambigous reduction explicit to suppress conflict error from lemon

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=47039 r47039] ''565a6eb'' seems lemon requires real type name in type declaration

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=47040 r47040] ''307c8ca'' Added disabled macros to build temp fedex_new target for development. Added expscan.re to build against, but it has not yet been converted to re2c.

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=47152 r47152] ''4f761f7'' working through type-mismatch compile errors

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=47157 r47157] ''9601319'' got lemon source compiling; not yet operational

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=47163 r47163] ''f3def5d'' added new version of express.c with lemon parsing loop; building fedex_plus with lemon as well

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=47197 r47197] ''d0799fd'' build new scanner output into new libexpress

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=47198 r47198] ''f22ab86'' putting token type definition in its own header

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=47201 r47201] ''63dbcdd'' making lemon parser sources the only parser sources

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=47203 r47203] ''36d4faf'' remove debug output

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=47257 r47257] ''3910a5d'' yylval is YYSTYPE, not int

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=47259 r47259] ''b2a3656'' Doing state init via func call since lemon isn't running start-symbol action as soon as bison was.

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=47261 r47261] ''a992692'' typo in action was causing segfault

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=47304 r47304] ''d5ca57d'' add token printing debug routine

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=47314 r47314] ''fe5a91d'' Developing routine to print parser return object, useful for inferring parser behavior.

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=47317 r47317] ''1b37638'' making progress; learning about the Express object structure as I go

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=47321 r47321] ''1c7654f'' pass null to parser at eof

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=47322 r47322] ''1717658'' Added missing rule assignment. Lemon parser now gives same (error) output as bison parser for all but ap239.

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=47336 r47336] ''a21ace8'' have lemon print message on stack overflow

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=47348 r47348] ''ad24a24'' add declarations for lemon functions

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=47349 r47349] ''67cf76c'' s/int/YYSTYPE for yylval. Incorrect type was causing memory corruption.

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=47461 r47461] ''abc6f2c'' add modified lemon_target macro

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=47462 r47462] ''9ece199'' modified CMakeLists for alt lemon macro

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=47463 r47463] ''71b01bd'' Get the FindLEMON logic working with the new paradigm (specifying the target header file)

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=47465 r47465] ''f891d79'' FindYACC no longer used; removed

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=47468 r47468] ''d9fedf1'' quiet messages for now

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=47642 r47642] ''f47b818'' sync top-level cmake file

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=47819 r47819] ''ab5d701'' Make sure the executables are present before we try doing anything with them.

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=47882 r47882] ''4823666'' Make another stab at reworking the third party executable logic - idea is to support specifying the full path to an executable from the command line and have 'the right thing' happen.

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=48033 r48033] ''33c0bba'' Update the other FindLEMON files

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=48059 r48059] ''3888df9'' Rework the non-tcl 3rd party logic as well.  Split the build target macros for code generators into their own files, so we don't have to load the Find*.cmake files in all situations.

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=48076 r48076] ''8029a39'' Not really sure what's going on with printScope here...

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=48102 r48102] ''df2381c'' Do a little rework on the lemon target macro - saw an error: Error renaming from 'expparse.c' to 'expparse.c': No such file or directory - this might happen if lemon does something wrong, but it could also mean lemon isn't done and the copy command tries to proceed anyway, so split out the steps to make intermediate file dependencies explicit - may help.

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=48121 r48121] ''b5c7c24'' initial build of step express parser using perplex scanner

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=48147 r48147] ''8c7d2a7'' fixed a few typos

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=48329 r48329] ''efe7278'' default code was being appended to rule code to prevent fall-through; now requiring a cl flag to avoid generating unreachable code

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=48548 r48548] ''c84d3c8'' Go ahead and depend on the template file when running lemon - it's usually static, but we just had a case where it WAS changed, so check in the future.

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=49161 r49161] ''334e727'' Fix shiftwidth for vim in .cmake files

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=49201 r49201] ''9426397'' Sync src/other copies of LEMON_Util.cmake

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=49205 r49205] ''73eb85a'' Try to be better about using misc/CMake .cmake files by default.  Tweak the listing of additional files to clean from lemon output.

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=49207 r49207] ''f51701b'' remove debug message

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=49432 r49432] ''2d2522e'' looks like we forgot to ignore a token

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=49434 r49434] ''9a14545'' another missed ignore

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=49750 r49750] ''9977cc9'' Nevermind the LoadMacros hack - just prevent the re2c/lemon macro definitions from being overwritten if they're already defined using Alexander Neundorf's tip from http://www.cmake.org/pipermail/cmake/2008-February/019776.html.  BRL-CAD defines 'em first, so the src/other copies won't get loaded (makes sure older versions of macro files that might linger in src/other don't stomp misc/CMake versions) but stand-alone builds will use the local copies.  Properly set up search ordering with CMAKE_MODULE_PATH should take care of this for the find_package commands, but the utility macros are separate and so must be handled differently.

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=49772 r49772] ''ecb1f93'' Go ahead and sync the toplevel files from https://github.com/mpictor/StepClassLibrary - not all of them apply to our branch as yet, but the idea is to sync the two trees so get these out of the diff.  Eventually we'll have a patch to submit back to the github project, so updates to these files for things like re2c/lemon will be part of that.

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51476 r51476] ''76a52ce'' Start building towards an SCL build that can work with or without perplex/re2c/lemon.  Fair bit more work to do - these are just the fundamental essentials.

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51481 r51481] ''6e4f011'' Don't want a BRL-CAD path hardcoded into the perplex CMake macros, now that the prospect of them being used elsewhere is real.

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51482 r51482] ''a7c1289'' Try to be a little more helpful with the template error message.

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51485 r51485] ''0cccc28'' use generated lemon variables to avoid unused warnings

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51496 r51496] ''eddc17c'' Get a proper AUTO/ON/OFF toplevel configuration variable in place to control the use of perplex/re2c/lemon in SCL.

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51497 r51497] ''268de7a'' Start working on the easier verification case - verifying generated sources haven't been monkeyed with.

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51498 r51498] ''3cecbec'' Checkpoint some more work on generated src management.

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51499 r51499] ''dc7b48a'' Update generated sources to actually match the current inputs - this will eventually be automated but that part's not in place yet.

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51500 r51500] ''83dac30'' More tweaks and added logic to generated source verification

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51502 r51502] ''7d1d626'' Be noisy for now so it's clear what's actually going on, fix copy-paste error.

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51504 r51504] ''2014c16'' Add a README file for the generated sources explaining how this will work...

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51506 r51506] ''07623f2'' Can't include debugging lines if we're going to manage the generated sources this way.

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51507 r51507] ''007f25f'' Add necessary re2c flag

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51508 r51508] ''cc26dcf'' Fix README and add header comment to verification info

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51509 r51509] ''57c2754'' Add management routines for syncing info back into the generated source tree.

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51510 r51510] ''b2afab6'' Use DEBUGGING_GENERATED_SOURCES to allow re2c debugging information to appear in re2c intermediate output.  Disable normal behavior while doing so, so the debug-enabled output won't poison the MD5 management mechanism.

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51528 r51528] ''ae57d2f'' Fix dependencies for verification targets.

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51533 r51533] ''013e155'' Upgrade template searching logic a bit, in light of new perplex build logic.  In the 'standard' case, builds using perplex now stand a chance of 'just working' without requiring manual template specification.

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51567 r51567] ''10290fa'' Tweak handling of perplex template

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51575 r51575] ''7109233'' Sync generated source file.

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51734 r51734] ''4840692'' harden managed sources file against weird pathnames

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=52006 r52006] ''1ceb95b'' Update documentation on handling of INSTALL.new, configure.new, and perplex/re2c/lemon cached files.

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=52540 r52540] ''de2a123'' typos carl noticed, but looks like they're all benign

== CMake ==

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=47244 r47244] ''7f0101d'' remove references to non-existent headers

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=49115 r49115] ''93238df'' Go with 'lib' for all instances of CMAKE_LIBRARY_OUTPUT_DIRECTORY

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=49163 r49163] ''792b7ea'' Dispose of the one-off CHECK_C_FILE_RUNS and instead enhance CHECK_C_SOURCE_RUNS.  Will try to contribute the change upstream.

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=49164 r49164] ''6529fb9'' Quote SOURCE in case of spaces in pathnames...

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=49321 r49321] ''9e94d0c'' Hopefully this will get things cleaned up on Windows again.  Untested.

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=49763 r49763] ''cd05b6d'' Rework handling of config.h files, with an eye towards hitting the disk less - seems to shave a couple seconds off the configure process on Linux.

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=49791 r49791] ''effdeed'' Don't need the messages when SCL is a subbuild.

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=49840 r49840] ''f722ec4'' Significant simplification of the distcheck logic - reduce it to two macros, one of which calls the other.  Add documentation, improve behavior in some corner cases, enforce a convention we already pretty much followed by default of using relative paths to specify source files in the source tree (this is a robust way to spot generated files in build target definitions, since support for an out of directory build requires that they be specified with their full CMAKE_BINARY_DIR output path.)

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=49859 r49859] ''10fd188'' add newline

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=49860 r49860] ''94fbf3b'' let the toplevel build tell us where to put scl man pages

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=49867 r49867] ''13786d1'' Finally bite the bullet and start reworking the build logic to be robust to weirder source and build directory names.  This is not everything needed, but it's a step in the right direction.

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=49905 r49905] ''f3dad58'' Take a stab at making configure_file cmakefiles appending more robust

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=49924 r49924] ''3b7b6ed'' libs->libslist, per 49867

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=49925 r49925] ''805c7c0'' Need quotes for this comparison...

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=50420 r50420] ''5213861'' more stl linkages for external deps compiling through cache or different compilers

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=50426 r50426] ''f2be60e'' Try to make the stdc++ usage a matter of detection instead of hardcoding.  Untested on systems which would show the issue.

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=50441 r50441] ''a1ab6a0'' rename STDCXX_LINKLIB to STDCXX_LIBRARIES to comply with cmake's documented convention (and it can require multiple libraries like -lm and -lc, too)

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51372 r51372] ''f6a6295'' scl_version_string.h needs to be generated before fedex.c is compiled

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51397 r51397] ''125234b'' missing semicolon

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51459 r51459] ''c921d92'' Don't use absolte path for install directory.

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51555 r51555] ''9a0b7d0'' hmm - exppp tried to build before fedex, and didn't have version_string.  Make the version string dependency trigger on expres build

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51568 r51568] ''596fd9a'' fix SCL cmake logic

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51576 r51576] ''9e2f601'' Thanks Keith for reminding me of the potential problem - strip newlines out of md5 calculations so Windows can't toss in a monkey wrench.

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51593 r51593] ''fc87734'' exppp needs base lib for getopt

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51594 r51594] ''81941ca'' consistently use spaces rather than semicolons in list arguments

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51716 r51716] ''ee4fc2e'' Use semicolons in lists for SCL_ADD macros as well.

== Bug fix, reorganization, rewrite ==

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=47200 r47200] ''8707df0'' replaced conditional variable declarations with explcit ones to simplify building

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=47243 r47243] ''7ff6798'' Removed toggled declarations/definitions in headers. Headers include only declarations, and explicit definitions found in appropriate sources.

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=47324 r47324] ''403540b'' remove dead code

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=47337 r47337] ''0c09ca4'' set dangling pointers to null

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=47338 r47338] ''6e61e3a'' s/malloc/calloc

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=47790 r47790] ''684d759'' Fixed asStr(), was broken in the scl_string -> std::string rework.

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=48192 r48192] ''b66ce02'' need to generate default return statement per fix in r41174

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=48193 r48193] ''d2ba4dc'' don't generate unused variables, per r41173

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=49030 r49030] ''fe71ad4'' fix size in memset() initialization when growing buffer

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=49031 r49031] ''fb5c87d'' make sure to ClearEntries()  when array instances not owned by MgrNodeArray otherwise parent class  GenNodeArray will try and delete memory error

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=49185 r49185] ''811d380'' use __inline__ instead of inline for c89 compilation

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=49186 r49186] ''5b3f97c'' use static_inline instead of 'static inline' so that we're consistent with other uses and expand correctly to the right symbols for this compilation

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=49193 r49193] ''441414a'' more static_inline propagation so we support strict c89 mode

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=49478 r49478] ''ea46e08'' don't output unused variable

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=49570 r49570] ''d0a68a9'' fix bad int- and float-to-string conversions

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=49581 r49581] ''fa66a3a'' logic looked a hair off (trying recovery even if bad bit set). rewrite for readability.

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=49622 r49622] ''aebfb14'' Copy changes to the commited SdaiCONFIG_CONTROL_DESIGN.cc, which disables adding of certain parent-class attributes on object creation, to the corresponding generation code.

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=49709 r49709] ''b8e3088'' incorrect copy loops were indexing past end of source strings

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=49710 r49710] ''f09c469'' ensure null termination as well

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=49754 r49754] ''3ad7117'' move some sdai sources from clstepcore to cldai

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=49825 r49825] ''92efc8b'' restore STACKempty macro that was removed in r47243 for no particular reason

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=49981 r49981] ''a76474f'' missing function prototypes causing bad compilation on Mac 10.6

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51427 r51427] ''e86e777'' remove unportable/unnecessary calls to unistd.h pause used after certain errors to allow attaching debugger

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51461 r51461] ''9b5c6c4'' combine multiple definitions of LISTempty

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51562 r51562] ''1023328'' remove conflicting EntityClassName declaration

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51577 r51577] ''fffe638'' don't bother making practically useless fedex -z debug flag portable; just remove it

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51579 r51579] ''75220c8'' strictly match EXPRESSinit_init defs to the express.h declaration

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51598 r51598] ''2684045'' have check-express compile its own EXPRESSinit_init definition like all the other programs that use fedex.c so we don't need to conditionally override an express dll definition on windows

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51720 r51720] ''41d66ee'' move classes to break cyclic dependency and document in clstepcore/README

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51723 r51723] ''5f5c110'' don't use scl_memmgr.h definitions if mem checks aren't enabled

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=52251 r52251] ''5804198'' fix for a gcc internal compiler error due to inlining.  make AssignAggrCreator() be defined in a compilation unit.

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=52276 r52276] ''f4ef1c7'' Use stdarg.h unconditionally and avoid undefined behavior by remembering to call va_end. Appears to fix fedex_plus crash seen when doing a Windows release build.

== Need to look at these more ==

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=49636 r49636] ''a3657e6'' added the steptools ap express schemas

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51120 r51120] ''f9110c3'' use stdlib.h instead of malloc.h

== Differs from GitHub ==

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=47791 r47791] ''f5b4ff4'' Looks like possible debugging code left in during the scl_string -> std::string rework breaking STEPattribute::is_null() for STRING_TYPE and BINARY_TYPE, commented out for now.

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=49071 r49071] ''07335d3'' might make merging a bit more difficult or (more likely) repeats work already done in the github tree, but helps ease our sanity in the meantime.  eliminate a slew of gcc warnings about string literals being passed as char* parameters when they should be treated immutable.  mark them all const.

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=49794 r49794] ''0f1486e'' Replaced generated cleditor sources with tweaked copies of the 388901d versions from the mpictor git repo. These were apparently generated by running fedex_plus on the Ed 2 header schema (http://www.steptools.com/sc4/archive/imp-methods/10303-21-header.exp).

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=50389 r50389] ''5527ddf'' reject SCL git df8f8d5 and replace temp array with vector

== Will probably skip ==

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=45968 r45968] ''4fbd00e'' Key the static lib building on the build type.  Exposed a problem with making the trigger variable an OPTION in sub-builds - doing so forces the setting into the cache and makes it impractical for the AUTO_OPTION macro to do its thing.  Fortunately, the only files doing that were the ones we wrote - corrected them, and we're good to go.

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=48101 r48101] ''d362332'' Nick says he created this for debugging purposes and it can go.

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=48180 r48180] ''7a949a5'' remove old debug header

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=49705 r49705] ''f615c39'' remove miscellaneous unused files

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51470 r51470] ''46fbcbc'' Include fedex_python subdir to make it easier to build fedex_python for testing. Make paths relative to avoid CMAKEFILES warning.

== Skip (duplicated effort, autotools, etc) ==

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=46913 r46913] ''8065a91'' Redo comments a bit in src/other/CMakeLists.txt

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=46914 r46914] ''20df9d4'' oops

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=47211 r47211] ''2a6a16b'' remove reference to non-existant file

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=47359 r47359] ''b383b97'' ignore scl_cf.h.in since autoheader will create it during autogen.sh

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=48188 r48188] ''e487dc0'' adding a modified ap203 express file that fedex_plus doesn't fail on

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=49192 r49192] ''02d36f2'' include getopt.h directly in case we're compiling in strict c89 mode

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=49476 r49476] ''e4ac75b'' try to fix strings changed to std::string that still called non-existant chars member function

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=49757 r49757] ''b4a28ab'' remove step autotools files

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=49765 r49765] ''5fbe3db'' remove unused config/*

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=49773 r49773] ''74209c7'' Add other toplevel files, update step.dist

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=49821 r49821] ''d87fde3'' run astyle on SCL sources with misc/astyle.cfg options

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51651 r51651] ''f76bb1b'' remove exception specifications

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51655 r51655] ''c239a1f'' revert 51651 - breaks build on Linux

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=52410 r52410] ''c4d9549'' ignore/inclue the scl_cf.h.in header template

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=52411 r52411] ''3742b9f'' bah, it's not actually a repo file -- something is writing to the src tree

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=52412 r52412] ''aa75aec'' don't ignore generated source, should be in bin dir

== Commits from GitHub ==

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=49771 r49771] ''0c85d2f'' go with the mpictor github capitalization

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=49774 r49774] ''f2b45de'' remove SCL clivfasd; deemed obsolete and removed from mpictor git repo in a0353bc

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=49776 r49776] ''4337b40'' Edge our CMakeLists.txt file and tree a little closer to the github tree.  base and fedex_python are turned off and ignored for the moment.

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=49777 r49777] ''430217f'' More syncing with github tree

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=49788 r49788] ''2594021'' Sync step doc dir to github, except convert postscript files to pdf and fix page ordering of Fed-X document

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=49790 r49790] ''f2fb6cc'' Grab some minor changes from github

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=49793 r49793] ''6524b04'' Make a stab at syncing with the github data dir - we need to keep ap203edit.exp, since that's the one that works with our step-g converter.

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=49795 r49795] ''89a25f0'' don't use a generic IS_SUBBUILD variable - bad idea.

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=49797 r49797] ''bacb8c1'' remove symlink program; removed from mpictor git repo in 23cf6a5

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=49799 r49799] ''e20cd29'' remove fedex_idl program; removed from mpictor git repo in dbbf4b9

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=49822 r49822] ''bde4c12'' remove references to OODB/O3DB as in mpictor git repo ca0824d and d067534

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=49824 r49824] ''85c067c'' Removed references to PART26/CORBA and ODI_OSSG. Corresponds primarily to SCL git e99240a, d6aa13f, and 4c5a8e0.

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=49826 r49826] ''71760df'' remove unused variable; SCL git 47b4963

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=49827 r49827] ''bc256e6'' initialize some uninitialize variables; SCL git b9156ad

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=49830 r49830] ''2fa8eb4'' remove references to non-existant dir.h and SCLString to match SCL git a0353bc version

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=49836 r49836] ''cf57641'' Replaced basic.h's Boolean/True/False with bool/true/false via stdbool.h or else scl_stdbool.h. Includes changes from SCL git e40cbca and 71bd7b2. Honest attempts made to ensure all affected symbols were actually being used as real booleans (as opposed to sdaiEnum.h's trinary Boolean type).

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=49837 r49837] ''70b98d3'' apply warning fixes from SCL git 19e501a

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=49897 r49897] ''e694174'' sync comment changes from 7b54e23

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=49899 r49899] ''f880277'' Fix printf format errors. Informed by SCL git c075554, 0366706, af7d90d, ec41f80, d33d4c5, and e52c290.

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=49903 r49903] ''7d85d42'' sync with SCL git 993167e

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=49904 r49904] ''93442dd'' match SCL git style

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=49913 r49913] ''3334e88'' remove unused variables as seen in SCL git 1492641 and 2b31086

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=49963 r49963] ''1b008b8'' Address unused variable warnings first quelled in r41173. Rather than creating 30 named pointer vars, create a pointer array and use a cleaned-up version of SCL git c1b5743 to choose a good size for it.

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=49968 r49968] ''2f53810'' Remove unused variables as identified by SCL git 89237b8, 860bd45, 90de2d7, d56117f, f3e2eaf, and 7a68580.

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=49969 r49969] ''e791605'' variable initializations informed by SCL git cc155a8 and b9156ad

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=49970 r49970] ''64bb184'' EntNode doesn't have a no-parameter constructor; construct from empty string. SCL git 8e256d7.

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=49971 r49971] ''9a7e770'' might as well match git formatting

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=50158 r50158] ''3514d1e'' Apply SCL git d6d7c48 changes. SCLP23 macros replaced with simple SDAI_ prefix.

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=50171 r50171] ''3c20152'' remove unused variables and functions identified in SCL git 8ce79ec, 73cc97f, e98d00f, 63295f1, and 2a0ee4e

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=50179 r50179] ''865bbd8'' apply changes from SCL git d6da40c and 275977d (commented code removal/style)

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=50278 r50278] ''9c55d45'' changes based on SCL git d35f73f and 696d8e3

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=50279 r50279] ''77856a3'' some const char corrections including remaining changes from SCL git 4cf16d7

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=50294 r50294] ''37376b7'' replace shorts with ints along the lines of SCL git d2baec0, but be more judicious in using unsigned versus signed

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=50295 r50295] ''4865978'' ignore spaces in generate_attribute_name. SCL git 1ebee6d

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=50303 r50303] ''dd9acf9'' apply more commented code removal from SCL git c0b2b05, 37bbfd3, 9324acc, d7410be, 62304a7, and 0dccb8b

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=50306 r50306] ''76e6dc7'' apply SCL git db70465 removing more unused variables

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=50307 r50307] ''b93b50c'' remove another unused variable (LISTdo already creates one) identified in SCL git 0153f15

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=50322 r50322] ''9b92011'' Remove rcsid strings from sources and don't generate Id comments. SCL git 922a795 and 9367823.

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=50331 r50331] ''7fefe24'' add default switch cases as in SCL git b10a697, but avoid using abort if the error can be logged and/or returned

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=50335 r50335] ''19bcdf3'' apply changes from SCL git f678f0b, but extract assignments used as truth values for benefit of windows

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=50385 r50385] ''9ecb334'' minor string comparison improvements from SCL git 1ad14e1, 70a8382, 7a6ba24, c316f21, and 572e9ad

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=50387 r50387] ''87d704f'' use stringstream to correctly print file id, SCL git 71b3a28

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=50394 r50394] ''483c8f3'' fix missing types, prototypes, and returns based on SCL git 562f4de, 6e6b8ca, 2dc4e7e, fd1d32c, 99407fb, and b5238df

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=50408 r50408] ''46f6605'' apply cleanup changes from SCL git 9f83ece, 5e6ebb0, and ca50d53

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=50421 r50421] ''79f5a3b'' signed/unsigned comparison changes based on SCL git f479cf4 and 402225e

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=50422 r50422] ''3802f9d'' cpp initialization warning fixes from SCL git f727293, b6bebbb, and 3156ea7

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=50431 r50431] ''e63b935'' Using std::string c_str() too much and empty() not enough. SCL git 2295e71 and b759a0e.

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=50432 r50432] ''5e7986c'' ws and old comment removal from SCL git 657a283

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=50436 r50436] ''98b327d'' remove some goto statements based on SCL git a13ba21 and ecd400c

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=50438 r50438] ''2082d23'' Apply SCL git 900d94d. fedex_plus no longer generates make_schema file.

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=50467 r50467] ''3461161'' Rewrite PushPastString to avoid two consecutive get/putback as identified by SCL git abb3add. Also if first char on stream isn't string delimiter, don't take it off the stream.

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=50468 r50468] ''a187ad8'' apply SCL git 0d9c16d, which fixes fedex_plus failure on ap203e2 schema

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=50470 r50470] ''37f77fa'' Make HASHsearch item param const. SCL git defe0dd.

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=50472 r50472] ''541ade5'' Remove P21CommentRep() and move p21Comment string to stack to simplify things. SCL git 219957d.

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=50477 r50477] ''f561ff6'' SCL git de55c37, remove unused variables

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=50492 r50492] ''e719967'' Fix and doxify comments, plus misc cleanup. SCL git 3e8c116, 5dc0439, 5d36b32, and 65791a2.

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=50506 r50506] ''86decc8'' Cleanup in clstepcore. SCL git 239ce49 and f9b9383.

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=50557 r50557] ''173316a'' Apply changes from SCL git 1016b07. Use std::string more frequently and move ErrorDescriptor message strings to stack to simplify things.

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=50584 r50584] ''e63ac83'' Apply changes based on SCL git 6e9b5a7. Creates GetLiteralStr function to implement and extend functionality common to SDAI_String::STEPread and PushPastString.

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=50598 r50598] ''9a3670a'' Add collectAttributes function based on the one added by SCL git 290850a.

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=50630 r50630] ''1262db4'' apply more changes from SCL git 290850a: cleanup some multiple inheritance code - passing around attribute list to print routines instead of rebuilding it

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=50631 r50631] ''b1da4f6'' apply rest of SCL git 290850a: change output suffix of aggregate select types from 's' to '_agg'

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=50632 r50632] ''49ac297'' apply header guard symbol change from SCL git d1cd32b

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=50654 r50654] ''f177db2'' Apply changes from SCL git 4858af2 removing code supporting step files (N279 files) that pre-date ISO 10303-21:1994.

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=50682 r50682] ''89d10d4'' apply SCL git e72ca29; remove some superfluous boolean types and use std bool more often

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=50741 r50741] ''ba6c8dd'' Have STEPfile::schemaName return std::string instead of writing char* arg. SCL git b8fc557.

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=50745 r50745] ''ab400df'' Remove a few unnecessary extern declarations. SCL git aef6e73, 5c8c5aa, 15f9c40.

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=50762 r50762] ''4c78a90'' Allow local variables to have generic types; fixes failure on ap239 express schema. SCL git 254b5a3.

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=50767 r50767] ''9ea3ba0'' optimize utype_member based on SCL git 27ce560

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=50770 r50770] ''26fa107'' Remove some unneeded functions. SCL git 1faaf69 and 2d7ed17.

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=50772 r50772] ''1357cbd'' Apply SCL git f5a130a. Loosens restriction on dictionary duplicates.

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=50791 r50791] ''8375f1f'' Simplify filepath handling and use more std::string and bool. SCL git 19a1bae and b277759.

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=50792 r50792] ''6512c4f'' change return type to bool; SCL git 4dc0891

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=50794 r50794] ''b365619'' Another int/bool substitution. This is SCL git b277759; r50791 was actually SCL git 1b69382.

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=50795 r50795] ''e8e6f2b'' cleanup from SCL git c497168

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=50798 r50798] ''ae87712'' better error printing; SCL git 99abb18 and 6b95067

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=50810 r50810] ''4fc4845'' Simplify STEPread a bit. SCL git 6871bc4.

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=50814 r50814] ''d888228'' Add strict flag to STEPread functions; affects handling of missing attributes. SCL git de3495d and 373d415.

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=50815 r50815] ''4fe9ad8'' correct SCANsave_comment; SCL git c6bc7ec

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=50892 r50892] ''2bb7046'' generate spaces instead of tabs; SCL git 86b9f12

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=50893 r50893] ''0745c75'' Use UNKNOWN_TYPE when an attribute has no NonRefType. SCL git 6aa4695.

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=50895 r50895] ''cb235b2'' ensure constructors receive non-null AttrDescriptor; SCL git e547807

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=50903 r50903] ''df6a719'' Put generated globals in a namespace. Namespace declaration written to *Names.h. SCL git 88e9634, da0a395, and 3ed8797.

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=50909 r50909] ''60698f4'' cleanup from SCL git cb35164 and 1cfb41d

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=50910 r50910] ''1bb2464'' cleanup from SCL git 0bb182b and ed8474e

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=50940 r50940] ''2e0f0ef'' MSVC fixes from SCL git 6226717 and 879f509

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=50955 r50955] ''f1d3cb3'' start adding symbols for MSVC dll import/export; SCL git ba12196

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=50965 r50965] ''588956b'' more symbols for MSVC dll import/export; SCL git f853b99

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=50985 r50985] ''4e45ba2'' Add public domain getopt implementation. SCL git c3f9ff5, dc302ea, and 2d26da7.

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=50986 r50986] ''92bdca1'' actually add getopt sources

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=50987 r50987] ''ef4b92c'' add dll export symbols to clutils; SCL git 457d51e

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=50989 r50989] ''82afeb8'' add dll export symbols to cldai; SCL git c409145

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=50991 r50991] ''a4ea28b'' add dll export symbols to clstepcore; SCL git 0705c50

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=50992 r50992] ''5d25423'' add dll export symbols to cleditor; SCL git 2e01a01, c771b27, and 0869e41.

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=50993 r50993] ''e331b0c'' fix buffer overrun based on SCL git 5e9dfd7

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=50995 r50995] ''ad9a78f'' support comments in entities; SCL git 4ddce86

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=50996 r50996] ''308cedf'' Have fedex_plus generate dll import/export symbols. SCL git 80208dc.

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=50997 r50997] ''667b223'' Prefix scl_hash routines with SCL_. SCL git 4740f4d and 737c53e.

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51001 r51001] ''aad496c'' warning fixes from SCL git 2179c8a and ca4940e

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51004 r51004] ''c6b372e'' warning fixes from SCL git 166425a and dcdd77a

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51029 r51029] ''daa2b2f'' warning fixes from SCL git 7712b9b and 03fd892

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51038 r51038] ''fe0bd1e'' warning fixes from SCL git 07ed8f6, 0aa9b5d, and 2b0da3f

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51055 r51055] ''5fe4bef'' add process.h for getpid on windows; SCL git 870edbf

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51056 r51056] ''72b7649'' suppress return warning; SCL git f688f2a

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51057 r51057] ''12a0aec'' cleanup/ws from SCL git 1da31f6 and 3aee5f3

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51058 r51058] ''6d7bb27'' handle indexing on generics; SCL git ed76f0b

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51066 r51066] ''92e2cd1'' Warn about indexing a select with mixed base types. SCL git 67f8897.

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51067 r51067] ''f7da8c2'' ws/style from SCL git 09f3472 and d94a449

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51068 r51068] ''57e2678'' Have SDAI_String and SDAI_Binary wrap std::string rather than inherit from it. SCL git 82898d7.

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51069 r51069] ''059b187'' Borland-specific stuff from SCL git c0c423c and 3a9fa99.

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51070 r51070] ''ce6e56a'' put enums in separate table; SCL git c415e49

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51072 r51072] ''783150e'' Warn about indexing binary types instead of failing. Allows fedex_plus to produce output for ap221 and ap235 express schemas. SCL git 4cd7e7c.

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51074 r51074] ''448eddb'' remove 'backwards compatiblity' symbols; SCL git 1481950 and a63ac73

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51078 r51078] ''661b008'' Allocate aggregate members on heap. SCL git 809e1dd, 260fd55, and e421f70.

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51093 r51093] ''fd5654a'' break up generated strings; SCL git 212c114

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51096 r51096] ''e5e8012'' Apply SCL git 3fd2222 which removes scl_char_str_list class, but std::vector makes a better replacement than std::deque.

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51097 r51097] ''678d07e'' eliminate a temp buffer; SCL git 1cc2774

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51104 r51104] ''36947b9'' use scl_memmgr in express; SCL git 82c84e7 and 4d6d249

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51105 r51105] ''17b28d9'' use scl_memmgr in exppp and fedex_plus; SCL git 7ce8bcb and 4e0d73d

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51141 r51141] ''9580c9e'' use scl_memmgr in clutils; SCL git 010e02b

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51145 r51145] ''ab135d3'' use scl_memmgr in clstepcore; SCL git 245ff14

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51146 r51146] ''6766111'' use scl_memmgr in cldai; SCL git b49d2be

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51147 r51147] ''8667bf7'' use scl_memmgr in cleditor; SCL git 3be4220

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51235 r51235] ''d56d107'' Use scl_memmgr in generated schema libraries. Since scl_memmgr.h makes "new" a macro, it has to be included after uses of placement new to avoid breakage. SCL git d8d293b.

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51236 r51236] ''051b262'' avoid generating 'else if' to avoid MSVC limit of 128; SCL git dea7f8c

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51238 r51238] ''d3a8e5e'' add fedex_plus/express memory cleanup function; SCL git f5d0cc5

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51239 r51239] ''21e086d'' fix memory leaks reported by scl_memmgr; SCL git 3010afa

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51240 r51240] ''e7c22aa'' fix memory leaks reported by scl_memmgr; SCL git f7cde9f

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51241 r51241] ''b5ec68f'' remove #if 0 code; SCL git ee13cda

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51242 r51242] ''f05c8ad'' more verbose warning message; SCL git c84330b

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51247 r51247] ''72e194b'' partial support for aggregate bounds that aren't compile-time constants; SCL git 7425e55d

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51250 r51250] ''5230033'' cleanup from SCL git a86b035 and 6f60a8a

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51252 r51252] ''19cd0eb'' print aggregate name instead of data member name; SCL git a72fa6e

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51253 r51253] ''799015d'' fix Registry memory leaks; SCL git a9173c8 and 626bb73

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51254 r51254] ''36442c5'' free attributes list; SCL git c77471a

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51255 r51255] ''bef24b2'' stash unnamed types in a list so they can be freed; SCL git 04f4c1d

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51256 r51256] ''e8b1eff'' fix STEPaggregate memory leaks; SCL git 8a2665e

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51257 r51257] ''dfc6e17'' fix memory leaks; SCL git a1d6b25

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51261 r51261] ''fb76485'' fix memory leaks; SCL git 5aca337 and dd6ef88

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51263 r51263] ''ee9d842'' mark some member functions const; SCL git 225180f

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51268 r51268] ''c92ebbb'' support for checking read/write progress; SCL git 0bea3ef

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51270 r51270] ''5d3a447'' remove extra semicolons; SCL git 17cec63

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51272 r51272] ''81e1fb5'' s/cstddef/stddef.h/ for benefit of borland; SCL git e45d705

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51341 r51341] ''510d564'' Address warning about indexing with char type values based on ASCII characters (same problem as in r51103). Unlikely to be a problem in this case so just quell by casting to int. SCL git 512968e and 425a9c3.

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51343 r51343] ''9891ba7'' Some unapplied changes from SCL git a362210, 696d8e3, and 2b46efb, mostly fixing STEPattribute::is_null.

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51344 r51344] ''4a93e88'' need shlwapi for Windows path handling routines; SCL git 02feb6f

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51345 r51345] ''9812081'' simplify function prototype; SCL git 07d8791

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51346 r51346] ''c7a150d'' add missing lib dependencies; SCL git d0293fd

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51358 r51358] ''48836ca'' Update version strings in fedex, fedex_plus, generated code, and documentation. SCL git 6851b27, fa615a1, dc30ee2, d190a1e, a33cba8, 698b9e0.

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51435 r51435] ''9cf01aa'' Add/remove files to match github data directory. Will use their copy of the edited ap203.exp to generate step-g sources.

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51471 r51471] ''fcbe328'' update fedex_python sources to SCL git 7ffbb73 versions, but use the classes.h declaration of the FundamentalType func for consistency

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51472 r51472] ''b7f6bff'' apply changes for fedex_python from SCL git 10999e7 and 2dcfaed

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51473 r51473] ''842786b'' update python scripts to SCL git ee13526 versions

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51486 r51486] ''1683d67'' missed ws and doxification changes from SCL git f9b9383

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51563 r51563] ''63b3633'' rename getopt to sc_getopt and include it as part of base lib; SCL git 1a60cf9 and dd93a96

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51566 r51566] ''8717c87'' update dll export macros and remove local definitions; SCL git 7be54f3

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51578 r51578] ''cb42eb1'' Rename fedex program to check-express. Need to link it against base lib; SCL git a42a448

[http://brlcad.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/brlcad?view=revision&revision=51581 r51581] ''0e8494f'' s/snprintf/sprintf in absence of snprintf wrapper. sprintf is pretty safe for this usage; SCL git 910faf0