---
title: List of projects
---

|---|
|\_\_TOC\_\_|

Possible student projects for GSoC 2013+ [main GSoC
page](http://github.com/stepcode/stepcode/wiki/GSoC)

**Note to any students who find this page: unfortunately, we are *not*
part of GSoC 2012.**

Project: STEP CAD file viewer
-----------------------------

-   Brief Explanation: Develop a STEP CAD file viewer based on SCL for
    the latest STEP schemas 203ed2, 214ed3, and 242. Like IFCGears
    Viewer, it could use Qt and OpenSceneGraph for a desktop
    application. Or it could use WebGL in HTML5 for a browser front end
    like was demonstrated with pythonOCC. Using BRL-CAD as a modeling
    kernel is also an option.

-   Expected Results: A viewer that works with the latest STEP schemas
    and files.

-   Knowledge Prerequisite: SCL currently supports C++ and python code
    generation.

Project: STEP-COLLADA direct bi-directional translation
-------------------------------------------------------

-   Brief Explanation: Translate directly between the leading neutral
    formats for mechanical CAD (STEP) and digital content creation
    (Collada)

-   Expected Results: Use SCL and Collada open source code to develop a
    translator between STEP and COLLADA. Round-trip test with validated
    files from both formats.

-   Knowledge Prerequisite: SCL currently supports C++ and python code
    generation.

Project: Data Probe Application
-------------------------------

-   Brief Explanation: A data instance graphical editor and EXPRESS
    schema browser

-   Expected Results: An application called Data Probe in SCL was an
    Instance Editor, but relied on an obsolete UI toolkit, InterViews.
    InterViews should be replaced by a modern toolkit like Qt, an IDE
    framework like Eclipse, or a web accessible front end. Support for
    both graphical editing of EXPRESS-G diagrams and text editing of
    their attributes is desired, along with contextual help derived from
    the EXPRESS schema.

-   Knowledge Prerequisite: SCL supports C++, and recently python code
    generation. Some experience with Qt (or similar), Eclipse (or
    similar), or HTML5 could be helpful.

Project: Part 21 (Exchange File) Test Coverage Generation and Reporting
-----------------------------------------------------------------------

-   Brief Explanation: Generate an instance file library for test
    coverage of an EXPRESS schema

-   Expected Results: Testing translators and other implementations
    based on SCL requires a library of test cases. Given an EXPRESS
    schema, generate part21 files and validate them against the schema
    and analyze the test coverage of the part21reader. Use random and/or
    structured generation methods to enhance test coverage.

-   Knowledge Prerequisite: SCL currently supports C++ and python code
    generation.

Project: Part 11 (EXPRESS) Test Coverage Generation and Reporting
-----------------------------------------------------------------

-   Brief Explanation: Generate an EXPRESS schema library for test
    coverage of the parser

-   Expected Results: Generate schemas to test the parser in
    \`libexpress\`. Possibly use the techniques discussed in J. Riehl's
    thesis [Grammar Based Unit Testing for
    Parsers](http://people.cs.uchicago.edu/\~jriehl/thesis.pdf).
    Validate the schemas against the EBNF using
    [bnfparser2](http://bnfparser2.sourceforge.net/). Analyze test
    coverage of \`libexpress\` and \`fedex\_plus\`. Validate the code
    generated by fedex\_plus.

-   Knowledge Prerequisite: Familiarity with bison and/or lemon parsers
    (we are moving to lemon, but it isn't terribly different from the
    current bison implementation), C, C++.

Project: Generate Part28 XML schema and documents
-------------------------------------------------

-   Brief Explanation: Generate a part28 XML schema from an EXPRESS
    schema and generate a part28read program

-   Expected Results: Like how SCL already generates C++ and python
    libraries and a part21read program, extend the capability to the
    alternate part28 XML schema standard and a part28read program.
    Develop an application that converts between part21 and part28.

-   Knowledge Prerequisite: SCL currently supports C++ and python code
    generation.

Project: Database Persistence
-----------------------------

-   Brief Explanation:

-   Expected Results: Implement database persistence of SCL instance
    data. Use existing SDAI standard by extending SCL, or experiment
    with SQLite, NoSQL or other methods. Develop a demonstration
    application that reads part21 instance data files and persists and
    manages them in a database.

-   Knowledge Prerequisite: SCL currently supports C++ and python code
    generation. Database implementation experience would be helpful.

Project: Multithread/Multiprocess Part21 import/export.
-------------------------------------------------------

-   Brief Explanation: Part21 huge files (hundreds of Mb) are known to
    be heavily resource consuming (in terms of computing time or memory
    consumption) when being imported. The memory consumption issue can
    be solved by some kind of database persistence (see above the
    "Database Persistence" project). This project aims at reducing the
    computing time by using multithread and multiprocess programming
    techniques. Student will have to complete the current python
    implementation in order to support this performance improvement.
    Student will have a look at the threading and multiprocessing python
    modules (part of the python Standard Library) as well as pycluster
    (http://bonsai.hgc.jp/\~mdehoon/software/cluster/software.htm).

-   Expected Results: student should achieve an (almost) linear
    reduction of computing time according to the number of
    threads/cores. The project will be considered as successful if the
    demonstration application achieves at least 50% reduction on a 2
    cores machine (whatever the number of threads/processes may be).

-   Knowledge Prerequisite: python experience. Multithreading
    programming.

Project: Quality Assurance for STEP files/SCL library
-----------------------------------------------------

-   Brief Explanation: STEP is the most famous data model used in the
    whole industry to exchange product data (MCAD or ECAD data, finite
    element experiments etc.). We all, STEP users, use to deal with
    "wrong" STEP files: the Part21 file generated from the software 1
    cannot be imported into the software 2, and we're not even able to
    explain whether the issue come from the software 1, or the software
    2, or both! Ensuring the quality of a STEP Part21 file is then a
    requirement if the purpose is to keep the control of engineering
    data over their whole lifecycle. What do we mean with 'quality' of a
    STEP Part21 file? It \*must absolutely\* comply with the EXPRESS
    schema semantics. Attributes type checking is only a part of the
    job: where/rules, unique and inverse attributes also have to be
    checked. Student will have to complete python generator to support
    these features, and will take care to heavily unit-test the new
    developments.

-   Expected Results: student will develop a program which takes a
    Part21 file and the related express schema. This program will output
    an analysis report about STEP file quality.

-   Knowledge Prerequisite: python and C++ programing. Test driven
    development.

* * * * *

* * * * *

Project: TEMPLATE
-----------------

-   Brief Explanation: paragraph.

-   Expected Results: paragraph.

-   Knowledge Prerequisite: paragraph.

