== You can change these ==
=== SC_BUILD_SCHEMAS ===
* List of schemas to be built. Defaults to special value ALL, which builds all schemas in SC/data.
* Each list entry can be a relative or absolute path to a schema or to a directory. If an entry is a directory, CMake looks for '''*.exp''' within that directory.
=== SC_BUILD_TYPE ===
* Release, Debug, etc.
* See also: CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE documentation
=== SC_GENERATE_LEXER_PARSER ===
* See comments in root CMakeLists.txt for this variable.
=== SC_INSTALL_PREFIX ===
* prefix for 'make install'
=== SC_IS_SUBBUILD ===
* used when building as a subproject, as SCView and BRL-CAD do.
* example of use: http://github.com/LaurentBauer/SCView/blob/master/CMakeLists.txt
=== SC_MEMMGR_ENABLE_CHECKS ===
* enables runtime memory leak checks. Output is very verbose!
=== SC_SDAI_ADDITIONAL_EXES_SRCS ===
* A list of paths to source files for additional executables that will be built for each schema.
* Each source file is assumed to be stand-alone, much like p21read.cc
* Each executable will be linked to the same libs as p21read - this will '''not''' work with lazy loading.

== Variables exclusively for CTest ==
These won't do anything useful unless you're running tests.
=== SC_ENABLE_COVERAGE ===
* for code coverage tests; requires gcov/lcov - http://ltp.sourceforge.net/coverage/lcov.php
<code lang='bash'>ctest -S lcov.cmake</code>
=== SC_ENABLE_TESTING ===
* tests can be run manually (no submission) by setting this to ON, then
<code lang='bash'>make
make test</code>
* also set by CTest - see [[How to test with CTest]]

== You probably don't want to change these ==
=== SC_ABI_SOVERSION ===
=== SC_BASE_SOURCES ===
=== SC_BINARY_DIR ===
=== SC_CMAKE_DIR ===
=== SC_SOURCE_DIR ===
=== SC_VERSION_MAJOR ===
=== SC_VERSION_MINOR ===