{|border="0" style="width:100%; margin:0; padding:0;"
|-
|style=" vertical-align:top; horizontal-align:center; margin:0; padding:10px; "| http://stepcode.org/STEPcode_logo.png
|style="vertical-align:top; margin:0; padding:0px; "|
|<div style="padding:0px; margin:0; border:1px solid #CCC; border-top:0;">
<div style="background-color:#FCFCFC; border:1px solid #CCC; border-top:10px solid #CCC; font-size:95%; padding:10px;">

<div style="font-family:Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 175%; padding-top:20px;">Welcome<div style="float: right;"><google1 style="3"></google1></div></div> 
<div style="padding-top:22px;padding-bottom:15px;"><hr /></div>
<!-- == Introduction == -->
The '''STEPcode''' project is a collection of open source libraries, tools, and resources that revolve around the technologies of [http://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=ISO_10303 ISO 10303], a.k.a. STEP, the '''ST'''andard for the '''E'''xchange of '''P'''roduct model data.

STEPcode provides a cross-platform (Linux, OSX, '''and''' Windows) implementation of
* an EXPRESS schema parser with bindings provided in C, C++, and Python
* libraries containing classes to represent SDAI (Part 22) objects
* a library that allows STEP Part 21 files to be read and written
* various utilities, test routines, and test schemas
<br>
The [http://github.com/stepcode/stepcode/blob/master/COPYING BSD license] allows commercial use. In addition, STEPcode is used in other open source projects such as [http://www.brl-cad.org BRL-CAD] and [http://github.com/LaurentBauer/SCView SCView].
<br><br>
STEPcode traces its roots to the NIST STEP Class Library (SCL) which was developed between ~1987 and 1998.

See also: [[History]], [[List of external resources]], [[List of OSS or free STEP programs]]

=== Quick Start ===
* See the [[Getting started|getting started]] page
</div></div>

<!--
|style=" vertical-align:center; margin:0; padding:0; padding-left:5px;"| 
<div style="padding:0; margin:0; border:1px solid #CCC; border-top:0;">
<div style="background-color:#FCFCFC; border:1px solid #CCC; border-top:10px solid #CCC; font-size:95%; margin-bottom:0em; padding:0.4em; padding-top:0;">
__TOC__
</div></div>
-->
|}

{|border="0" style="width:100%; margin:0; padding:0;"
|-
|style="width:40%; vertical-align:top; margin:0; padding:0; padding-right:5px;"|
<div style="padding:0; margin:0; border:1px solid #FFCC33; border-top:0; margin-bottom:1.0em;">
<div style="background-color:#F8FCFF; border:1px solid #F5B800; border-top:10px solid #FFCC33; font-size:95%; margin-bottom:0em; padding:0.4em; padding-top:0;">

== STEP & Other Standards ==
STEP can be used for neutral file exchange or as a basis for data sharing or archiving in areas such as drafting, mechanical and assembly design, electromechanical design, machine tool control, PLCS (product lifecycle support), systems engineering, computational fluid dynamics and finite element analysis.  Parts of the STEP specification are reused in other standards, so STEPcode use is not limited to ISO 10303.

STEPcode can be used with the following standards because they reuse [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_10303-11 Part 11] and [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_10303-21 Part 21] of ISO 10303:
* AP203, AP214 and AP242 for CAD tested at the [http://www.cax-if.org CAX-IF]
* The Industry Foundation Classes ('''IFC''') are used for Building Information Modeling ('''BIM''')
* ISO 15926 is used in the Oil & Gas industry
* STEP-TAS is used in the thermal analysis of aerospace equipment
* ISO 13584, ''Industrial automation systems and integration - Parts library''
* [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_13399 ISO 13399]

</div></div>
<div style="padding:0; margin:0; border:1px solid #C3E4BA; border-top:0; margin-bottom:1.0em;">
<div style="background-color:#F8FCFF; border:1px solid #7ABDFF; border-top:10px solid #7A7AFF; font-size:95%; margin-bottom:0em; padding:0.4em; padding-top:0;">

== Community ==
* The [http://groups.google.com/forum/?fromgroups#!forum/scl-dev scl-dev mailing list] is hosted on google groups. In spite of the name, this is for both users and developers.
* The STEPcode project has evolved into a diverse open source community helping improve the accessibility, adoption, and long-term availability of STEP related technologies for CAx developers.
</div></div>

<!--
<div style="padding:0; margin:0; border:1px solid #FFFF99; border-top:0; margin-bottom:1.0em;">
<div style="background-color:#F8FCFF; border:1px solid #FFD16D; border-top:10px solid #FFD16D; font-size:95%; margin-bottom:0em; padding:0.4em; padding-top:0;">
== pages ==
* one
* two 
</div></div>
-->

|style="width:40%; vertical-align:top; margin:0; padding:0; padding-left:5px;"| 

<div style="padding:0; margin:0; border:1px solid #FCC; border-top:0; margin-bottom:1.0em;">
<div style="background-color:#F8FCFF; border:1px solid #FF9090; border-top:10px solid #FF0000; font-size:95%; margin-bottom:0em; padding:0.4em; padding-top:0;">

== The Code ==
* The source code is on [http://github.com/stepcode/stepcode GitHub]
** Any discussion of the code on this wiki should have a <nowiki>[[Category:Code discussion]]</nowiki> tag so that it shows up in [[:Category:Code discussion]]
* [[Building STEPcode]]
* [[Description of the files and directories]]
* [[Getting started]]
* We have a [http://my.cdash.org/index.php?project=StepClassLibrary CDash dashboard] do show the status of recent test runs.
** Unfortunately, it is not possible to view tests from more than one day at once; you must use the '''Previous''' link for that. Testing is sporadic, and is generally only done for branches that are under review.

</div></div>

<div style="padding:0; margin:0; border:1px solid #FFD8C3; border-top:0; margin-bottom:1.0em;">
<div style="background-color:#F8FCFF; border:1px solid #CE82B9; border-top:10px solid #9A3C80; font-size:95%; margin-bottom:0em; padding:0.4em; padding-top:0;">

== Links  ==
* [http://wikistep.org/ WikiSTEP] - wiki for the STEP standard
* [en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=ISO_10303 STEP on Wikipedia]

</div></div>


|}

__NOTOC__
<!-- __NOEDITSECTION__ -->